[Applause]
[Music]
your record you know like they give me
corny I didn't take anything we because
I'm fucking depressed and because I'm an
artist and because I'm down here to meet
people that understand me another
fucking asshole
fuck all of you biology oh yes okay why
are you waiting for ambulance why I
don't need an ambulance
well you're fucking retarded you're a
fucking retard asshole or near the
second view that says officer fucking
you're fucking up return asshole - fuck
you
I don't need fucking ambulance I'm fine
you guys think because you're the
government fucking police control fuck
you what's your name abyssal fucking
water bottle I've got some coke with
some rum in it because mine shit my life
is shit and the water breaking fuck is
better and you recognize fucking a cold
fuck you know fuck you
what okay someone said because I'm
fucking culprit because I'm Mexican
fuck you yeah alright okay alright I was
from your flying fucking I was hating
fucking cards fuck you yeah you're
Denzel fuck you too
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]